Top level readme.md edit (#1323)
alphagov/di-ipv-core-front: README.md

```bash
npm install
```

### Environment variables

The following environment variables are used in the project:

| Variable Name             | Description                                              | Default Value  |
|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| `BASE_URL`                | Externally accessible base URL of the webserver. Used to generate callback URLs for the credential issuer OAuth (Open Authorization) flows. | -         |
| `API_BASE_URL`            | Specifies the base host of the backend API. It is used by the application to make requests to the backend services.                         | -         |
| `PORT`                    | Default port to run the webserver on.                    | `3000`         |
| `EXTERNAL_WEBSITE_HOST`   | Sets the default host used by the application.                                                         |   `http://localhost:8080`                   |
| `NODE_ENV`                | Specifies the environment where the application will run, for example `local`.                                                   |             -        |

> | `SESSION_SECRET`          | The secret key required for encrypting and decrypting session data.                                                       |             -         |

Reviewer: Could we add:
- `ENABLE_PREVIEW` to enable the `dev/all-templates` route to preview individual pages - default value `development`
- `CONTACT_URL` URL of the One Login contact form `https://home.account.gov.uk/contact-gov-uk-one-login`

and remove:
- `BASE_URL` (not used anymore)

# ipv-core-front

> This repository contains the source code for the frontend user interface of the GOV.UK One Login Identity Proofing and Verification (IPV) system. The IPV Core frontend serves as the first user-facing screen within the identity proving journey.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for the frontend user interface of the GOV.UK One Login Identity Proofing and Verification (IPV) system. The IPV Core frontend is the first user-facing screen in the identity proving journey.
```
2 suggestions:
- For consistency, Identity Proving and Verification (IPV) system is now inline with identity proving journey
- Just removed a couple of words to make this sentence more direct.

Author: IPV is actually 'Identity Proofing and Verification'. There's a subtle difference between proofing and proving. The way I understand it is that identity proofing refers to the identity information gathering process behind the user journey whereas identity proving is what the user does to demonstrate their identity by providing information to the system.

I'll add your second suggestion to make the sentence more direct :)

## Related repositories

ipv-core-front works with the following IPV Core repositories:

* [ipv-core-back](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-back) - backend code
* [ipv-core-tests](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-tests) - feature tests

> * [ipv-core-common-infra](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-common-infra) - utilities for automating IPV Core ancillary services

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ipv-core-common-infra](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-common-infra) - utilities that automate IPV Core ancillary services
```

> * [ipv-stubs](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-stubs) - stubs for IPV Core dependencies (credential issuers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ipv-stubs](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-stubs) - test stubs for IPV Core dependencies (credential issuers)
```

# Developing ipv-core-front

This guide explains how to:

> * clone the repo and install the dependencies

Reviewer 2: Might be nice to link these bullets to the sub-headings?

Author: I'd meant to do that! Good suggestion :)

* run ipv-core-front locally
* use pre-commit to verify your commits

> ## Installing ipv-core-front

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Cloning and installing ipv-core-front
```
Makes the heading consistent with the bullet point that describes it.

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

```
https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front.git
```

> 2. Run the following command to install the project dependencies:

Reviewer 2: I think there might be a step missing here, where you change into the ipv-core-front folder before running `npm install`

```bash
npm install
```

### Environment variables

> The following environment variables are used in the project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project uses the following environment variables:
```
Just a suggestion to avoid passive voice

| Variable name           | Description                                                    | Default value    |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `API_BASE_URL`          | Specifies the base host of the backend API. It is used by the application to make requests to the backend services.             | -                |
| `CONTACT_URL`           | URL of the GOV.UK One Login contact form.                               | [`https://home.account.gov.uk/contact-gov-uk-one-login`](https://home.account.gov.uk/contact-gov-uk-one-login)       |

> | `ENABLE_PREVIEW`        | Enables the `dev/all-templates` route to preview individual pages. | `development`  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ENABLE_PREVIEW`        | Turns on the `dev/all-templates` route to preview individual pages. | `development`  |
```

| `EXTERNAL_WEBSITE_HOST` | Sets the default host used by the application.                  | `http://localhost:8080` |
| `NODE_ENV`              | Specifies the environment where the application will run, for example `local`.                                             | -                |

> | `PORT`                  | Default port to run the webserver on.                            | `3000`           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `PORT`                  | Default port to run the web server on.                            | `3000`           |
```
GOV.UK style guide uses two separate words for web server.

> | `SESSION_SECRET`        | The secret key required for encrypting and decrypting session data.                                                        | -                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SESSION_SECRET`        | The secret key used for encrypting and decrypting session data.                                                        | -                |
```
Please check this is still accurate but just one way to avoid using passive voice and the banned word "requires"

Author: Changed 'required' to 'used'.

## Running ipv-core-front locally

To run ipv-core-front locally:

1. Create a `.env` file based on [`.env.sample`](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front/blob/main/.env.sample).
1. Run `npm run build`.
1. In your code editor, use a run configuration that starts [`src/app.js`](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front/blob/main/src/app.js). Alternatively, you can run `npm run start-dev`.

> 1. To get live updating of styles, run `npm run watch-sass`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To get live style updates, run `npm run watch-sass`.
```
Just a suggestion.

> You will need to run `npm run build` again if changes are made to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run `npm run build` again if changes are made to:
```
Just a suggestion to make this more direct.

* the [govuk-frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) library
* translations
* images

### Configuring core-back to work with a local core-front

You can use the [dev-deploy tool](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-common-infra/blob/main/utils/dev-deploy/README.md) to [configure your core-back to work with a local core-front](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-common-infra/blob/main/utils/dev-deploy/docs/local-development.md#configuring-core-back-to-work-with-a-local-core-front).

## Using pre-commit to verify your commits

> We use the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool to identify issues before you commit your code. It uses Git hook scripts which can be configured in [`.pre-commit-config.yaml`](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front/blob/main/.pre-commit-config.yaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) tool to identify issues before you commit your code. It uses Git hook scripts which you can configure in [`.pre-commit-config.yaml`](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front/blob/main/.pre-commit-config.yaml).
```
Just a suggestion to avoid passive voice.

On running `git commit`, pre-commit Git hooks check for:

- formatting issues in JSON files
- end of file issues
- trailing whitespaces

> - AWS credentials or private keys that have been accidentally added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- AWS credentials or private keys you might have added by accident
```
Just a suggestion to avoid passive voice

- AWS CloudFormation issues

> - infrastructure issues by running [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- infrastructure issues - by running [checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) 
```
Feels like there needs to be a separation between these two parts of the statement as it tripped me up a few times

> - secrets that have been accidentally added by running [detect-secrets](https://github.com/Yelp/detect-secrets) - if these are false positives, update the `.secrets.baseline` file by running `detect-secrets scan > .secrets.baseline`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- secrets you might have added by accident - by running [detect-secrets](https://github.com/Yelp/detect-secrets). 

If any secrets detected are false positives, update the `.secrets.baseline` file by running `detect-secrets scan > .secrets.baseline`.
```
Same as previous suggestion. The false positives part of the bullet feels like it deserves more attention so I've suggested separating this out.

### Committing after automatic changes

> End of file issues and trailing whitespaces are automatically fixed. If this happens, run `git commit` again to commit the changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pre-commit automatically fixes end of file issues and trailing whitespaces. If this happens, run `git commit` again to commit the changes.
```
Just a suggestion to avoid passive voice.

### Understanding issue outputs

> If an issue is detected while committing, pre-commit will produce an output similar to the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If pre-commit detects an issue during a commit, it will produce an output similar to the following:
```

```
 git commit -a
check json...........................................(no files to check)Skipped
fix end of files.........................................................Passed
trim trailing whitespace.................................................Passed
detect aws credentials...................................................Passed
detect private key.......................................................Passed
AWS CloudFormation Linter................................................Failed
- hook id: cfn-python-lint
- exit code: 4
W3011 Both UpdateReplacePolicy and DeletionPolicy are needed to protect Resources/PublicHostedZone from deletion
core/deploy/dns-zones/template.yaml:20:3
Checkov..............................................(no files to check)Skipped
- hook id: checkov
```

### Installing the dependencies for pre-commit

> To use pre-commit locally you will need to install some dependencies, this can be done in 2 ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use pre-commit locally you need to install some dependencies, using either:
```

* [Python pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)
* [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

#### Using Python pip

Run the following:

```
sudo -H pip3 install checkov pre-commit cfn-lint
```

> This should work across platforms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This should work across all platforms.
```

#### Using Homebrew

Run the following:

```
brew install pre-commit ;\
brew install cfn-lint ;\
brew install checkov
```

#### Configuring pre-commit

Once installed, run:

```
pre-commit install
```

Update the pre-commit plugins by running:

```
pre-commit autoupdate && pre-commit install
```

> This will install and configure the pre-commit Git hooks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command will install and configure the pre-commit Git hooks. 
```

## GitHub tools and workflows

### GitHub CODEOWNERS

> You can use a [GitHub CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) file to define individuals or teams that are responsible for code in a repository. Code owners are automatically requested for review when someone opens a pull request that modifies code that they own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use a [GitHub CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) file to define individuals or teams that are responsible for code in a repository. Github automatically requests reviews from these code owners when someone opens a pull request that modifies the code they own.
```
A suggestion to avoid passive voice.

You can find the [`CODEOWNERS` file for ipv-core-front](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front/blob/main/CODEOWNERS) in the root.

### Uploading assets to Amazon CloudFront

If you add a new MIME type to either the `/assets` or `/public` folders, you must also add it to the CloudFront function in that repository.

> This is because there is a step in the `secure-post-merge.yml` GitHub workflow that pushes a ZIP archive of the `/public` and `/assets` folders to an Amazon S3 bucket. Following this, the archive is decompressed and transferred to a separate bucket situated behind a CloudFront distribution. The infrastructure for this is hosted at [https://github.com/alphagov/di-ipv-core-common-infra/tree/main/cloudformation/upload-assets](https://github.com/alphagov/di-ipv-core-common-infra/tree/main/cloudformation/upload-assets).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is because there is a step in the `secure-post-merge.yml` GitHub workflow that pushes a ZIP archive of the `/public` and `/assets` folders to an Amazon S3 bucket. The archive is then decompressed and transferred to a separate bucket behind a CloudFront distribution, which is hosted at [https://github.com/alphagov/di-ipv-core-common-infra/tree/main/cloudformation/upload-assets](https://github.com/alphagov/di-ipv-core-common-infra/tree/main/cloudformation/upload-assets).
```
Feels like this should be a continuation of the first paragraph. And a couple of minor wording suggestions.

# ipv-core-front

This repository contains the source code for the frontend user interface of the GOV.UK One Login Identity Proofing and Verification (IPV) system. The IPV Core frontend serves as the first user-facing screen within the identity proving journey.

## Related repositories

ipv-core-front works with the following IPV Core repositories:

* [ipv-core-back](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-back) - backend code
* [ipv-core-tests](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-tests) - feature tests
* [ipv-core-common-infra](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-common-infra) - utilities that automate IPV Core ancillary services
* [ipv-stubs](https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-stubs) - test stubs for IPV Core dependencies (credential issuers)

# Developing ipv-core-front

This guide explains how to:

> * clone the repo and install the dependencies

Author: ```suggestion
* [clone the repo and install the dependencies](#cloning-and-installing-ipv-core-front)
```

> * run ipv-core-front locally
> * use pre-commit to verify your commits

Author: ```suggestion
* [run ipv-core-front locally](#running-ipv-core-front-locally)
* [use pre-commit to verify your commits](#using-pre-commit-to-verify-your commits)
```

> * [use pre-commit to verify your commits](#using-pre-commit-to-verify-your commits)

Author: ```suggestion
* [use pre-commit to verify your commits](#using-pre-commit-to-verify-your-commits)
```

## Cloning and installing ipv-core-front

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

```
https://github.com/govuk-one-login/ipv-core-front.git
```

> 
> 2. Run the following command to install the project dependencies:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Change to the `ipv-core-front` folder.
1. Run the following command to install the project dependencies:
```

> 1. Change to the `ipv-core-front` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Change into the `ipv-core-front` folder.
```

AWS CloudFormation Linter................................................Failed
- hook id: cfn-python-lint
- exit code: 4
W3011 Both UpdateReplacePolicy and DeletionPolicy are needed to protect Resources/PublicHostedZone from deletion
core/deploy/dns-zones/template.yaml:20:3
Checkov..............................................(no files to check)Skipped
- hook id: checkov
```

### Installing the dependencies for pre-commit

To use pre-commit locally you need to install some dependencies, using either:

* [Python pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)
* [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

#### Using Python pip

Run the following:

```
sudo -H pip3 install checkov pre-commit cfn-lint
```

This should work across all platforms.

#### Using Homebrew

Run the following:

```
brew install pre-commit ;\
brew install cfn-lint ;\
brew install checkov
```

#### Configuring pre-commit

Once installed, run:

```
pre-commit install
```

Update the pre-commit plugins by running:

```
pre-commit autoupdate && pre-commit install
```

This command will install and configure the pre-commit Git hooks. 

## GitHub tools and workflows

### GitHub CODEOWNERS

> You can use a [GitHub CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) file to define individuals or teams that are responsible for code in a repository. Github automatically requests reviews from these code owners when someone opens a pull request that modifies the code they own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use a [GitHub CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners) file to define individuals or teams that are responsible for code in a repository. GitHub automatically requests reviews from these code owners when someone opens a pull request that modifies the code they own.
```
